New README 🌟 (#2504)
meilisearch/meilisearch: README.md

  <img width="350" src="assets/meilisearch-logo-dark.svg?sanitize=true#gh-dark-mode-only">
</p>

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://blog.meilisearch.com">Blog</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq/">FAQ</a> |
  <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a> |
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/workflows/Cargo%20test/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch"><img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch/status.svg" alt="Dependency status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://app.bors.tech/repositories/26457"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

> <p align="center">⚡ An open-source, lightning-fast, and hyper-relevant search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow 🔍</p>

Author: For me it's a little bit too long @gmourier 
WDYT people?

Reviewer: The "hyper-relevant" is maybe too much.

Author: WDYT @gmourier?

Reviewer 2: I think that open source is a little bit obvious in a Github repository. I like things like `A lightning-fast search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow`.

Meilisearch's mission is to help you shape a delightful search experience in a snap. To fulfill it, Meilisearch offers out-of-the-box features to speed up your workflow.

<p align="center" name="demo">
  <img src="assets/demo-light.gif#gh-light-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
</p>

## ✨ Features

- **Search-as-you-type experience —** Provides relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds.
- **Typo tolerant** — Understands misspellings and adapts to return relevant results.
- **Facetting and filtering** — Enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code.
- **Sort by** — Sort results based on price, date, or pretty much anything else your users need.
- **Synonyms** — Meilisearch supports synonyms, so each of your users will find the content they are looking for.
- **Geosearch** — Filter, sort documents around real-world geographic data.

> - **Language support** — Meilisearch supports all languages and detects them automatically.

Author: @ManyTheFish do you consider it's true? (I would say no)
Could you help us making it more "true"

Reviewer 3: the truth is "**want to** support all languages" because the more I dig into linguistics, the more I discover language subtilities.
We may redirect to a page listing the languages we officially support, on the doc or on the Charabia repository. 🤔

Reviewer 4: WDYT of "Meilisearch supports a wide variety of [languages](linkstodoc/charabia) and detects them automatically"

Author: @gui has suggested a change I merged, please check out the final version!

- **Secure** — **Secure your data with API keys that allow fine-grained permissions management.
- **Multi-Tenant** — Personalize the search results for each of your application's tenants.
- **Highly Customizable** — Meilisearch provides presets that work out of the box but are customizable for your specific needs.

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Reviewer 4: It's not true because of the asynchronous? Because apart from that we follow the Rest conventions as best as we can so far, especially with v0.28

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Author: Yes, I can also understand what you mean! I let the discussion open in case someone (like @guimachiavelli or @CaroFG) has something to add.

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Reviewer 5: RESTful API is also highlighted in [the documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/overview.html), if it's not true, we may want to change it...

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Reviewer 6: TL;DR
If all we want here is to focus on how easy it is to create plugins and integrations, I would recommend removing RESTful API. It's simpler and safer, IMHO.

```suggestion
- **Seamless integration** — use our SDKs or create your own tools to add Meilisearch to your stack
```

I'm not fully aware of everything that goes into making an API RESTful, so I don't feel informed enough to vote yes or no on this matter. I think the most important question is: will a user who blindly trusts us when we say we are RESTful get in trouble? Like, might they start using Meilisearch and then realise they cannot do something because we are not fully RESTful?

If the answer to those questions is yes, then we should absolutely remove it, as otherwise users would be justified in thinking we are lying to them. Getting someone's trust back after they feel they have been lied to is really difficult.

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Reviewer 4: We definitely offer a [RESTFul API](https://www.techtarget.com/searchapparchitecture/definition/RESTful-API) in its philosophy. In my opinion, we can totally keep this term and put it forward.

Regarding the readme itself, I think it's good to have the term within the explanation sentence while keeping seamless integration as the bolded text.

> - **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

Reviewer 4: I suggest keeping RESTful API as an important feature to highlight! The first proposal does the job imo, we can always update it in the future, it's not a breaking change. 😗

<p align="center">

>   <img width="350" src="assets/meilisearch-logo-light.svg?sanitize=true#gh-light-mode-only">

Author: Not sure but maybe the meilisearch "banner" is a little bit too small?

  <img width="350" src="assets/meilisearch-logo-dark.svg?sanitize=true#gh-dark-mode-only">
</p>

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://blog.meilisearch.com">Blog</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq/">FAQ</a> |

>   <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a> |

Author: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a>
```

</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/workflows/Cargo%20test/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch"><img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch/status.svg" alt="Dependency status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://app.bors.tech/repositories/26457"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">⚡ An open-source, lightning-fast, and hyper-relevant search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow 🔍</p>

Meilisearch's mission is to help you shape a delightful search experience in a snap. To fulfill it, Meilisearch offers out-of-the-box features to speed up your workflow.

<p align="center" name="demo">
  <img src="assets/demo-light.gif#gh-light-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
</p>

> <!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

Reviewer 5: I'd say the best-looking one it's the new movie demo "Where to watch", it would be great if a sort-by and/ or  a faceted search could be added eventually

> <!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

Reviewer: For me, it should be the movies demo as highlighted by the gifs.

> <!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

Author: I discussed with Morgane D. who discussed with Quentin: they want to wait for v0.28.0 to be released before publishing the movie demo officially. Depending on when we will merge this PR and the time it takes to do the demo update (Morgane also other priorities), I will put or not the current link or wait for the demo update to be done.
In any case, Morgane D. is aware of our need and she's doing her best to provide the demo 🥰

> <!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

Reviewer 4: @mdubus Were we able to make progress on the demo (Asking that since v0.28 has been released 😎)? Thanks!

Finally, for more in-depth information, refer to our articles explaining fundamental Meilisearch concepts such as [documents](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html) and [indexes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/indexes.html).

## 📊 Telemtry

Meilisearch collects **anonymized** data from users to help us improve our product. You can [deactivate this](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html#how-to-disable-data-collection) whenever you want.

To request deletion of any already collected data, please write to us at [privacy@meilisearch.com](mailto:privacy@meilisearch.com), don't forget to include your `Instance UID`.

If you want to know more about the kind of data we collect and why we need it, check the [telemetry section](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html) of our documentation.

## 📫 Get in touch!

> Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).
> 🗞 [Subscribe](https://meilisearch.us2.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=27870f7b71c908a8b359599fb&id=79582d828e) to our newsletter if you don't want to miss any updates! We promise we won't clutter your mailbox, it's sent every two months

Author: ```suggestion
Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

🗞 [Subscribe](https://meilisearch.us2.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=27870f7b71c908a8b359599fb&id=79582d828e) to our newsletter if you don't want to miss any updates! We promise we won't clutter your mailbox, it's sent every two months
```

💌 Any suggestion or feedback is highly appreciated. Thank you for your support!

> - For feature requests, please visit our [product repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/) / check the product section?

Author: ```suggestion
- For feature requests, please visit our [product repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions)
```

  <img src="assets/meilisearch-logo-dark.svg?sanitize=true#gh-dark-mode-only">
</p>

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://blog.meilisearch.com">Blog</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq/">FAQ</a> |
  <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a>
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/workflows/Cargo%20test/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch"><img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch/status.svg" alt="Dependency status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://app.bors.tech/repositories/26457"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

> <p align="center">⚡ An open-source, lightning-fast, and hyper-relevant search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow 🔍</p>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<p align="center">⚡ A lightning-fast search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow 🔍</p>
```

> Meilisearch's mission is to help you shape a delightful search experience in a snap. To fulfill it, Meilisearch offers out-of-the-box features to speed up your workflow.

Author: @gmourier I merged this change, but feel free to suggest anything else

> Meilisearch's mission is to help you shape a delightful search experience in a snap. To fulfill it, Meilisearch offers out-of-the-box features to speed up your workflow.

Reviewer 4: @guimachiavelli suggestion is much better than mine. Thanks!

<p align="center" name="demo">
  <img src="assets/demo-light.gif#gh-light-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
</p>

<!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

## ✨ Features

> - **Search-as-you-type experience** — Provides relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds.

Reviewer: I am not sure but maybe adding a link to the doc for every one of these features. Maybe it would be too much and one single link to the doc is enough.

Reviewer 5: I think it could be useful to add the link to the docs section of each feature, it doesn't take any extra space in the README. I am always favorable to saving people's time and effort. That being said, I don't have a strong opinion on this matter. And we have a super nice search bar in our documentation, so they can find anything they want easily 😄

Author: @guimachiavelli if you agree with this, you're probably the best to know which link we need to add in this list 😄

- **Typo tolerant** — Understands misspellings and adapts to return relevant results.
- **Facetting and filtering** — Enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code.
- **Sort by** — Sort results based on price, date, or pretty much anything else your users need.
- **Synonyms** — Meilisearch supports synonyms customization, extending the relevant content your users find.
- **Geosearch** — Filter, sort documents around real-world geographic data.

> - **Language support** — Meilisearch supports all languages and detects them automatically.

Reviewer 3: Not sure about my sentence, but, this would be more honest.
```suggestion
- **Language support** — Meilisearch detects and supports all Latin-based languages and some more like Chinese or Japanese.
```

- **Secure** — Secure your data with API keys that allow fine-grained permissions management.
- **Multi-Tenant** — Personalize the search results for each of your application's tenants.
- **Highly Customizable** — Meilisearch provides presets that work out of the box but are customizable for your specific needs.
- **RESTful API** — Integrate seamlessly into your technical stack with our SDKs/Integrations.

> - **Easy to install, deploy, and maintain**

Reviewer 4: Everything seems good to me! 

Thanks for the changes, @guimachiavelli; adding the links to the documentation is a great idea. 

We'll have to add redirections on the doc side or change them here if they change on the documentation side.

## 📖 Documentation

You can consult Meilisearch's documentation at [https://docs.meilisearch.com](https://docs.meilisearch.com/).

## 🚀 Getting started

For basic instructions on how to set up Meilisearch, add documents to an index, and search for documents, take a look at our [Quick Start](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/quick_start.html) guide.

You may also want to check out [Meilisearch 101](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/filtering_and_sorting.html), for an introduction to some of Meilisearch's most popular features.

## 🧰 SDKs & integration tools

> Import one of our SDKs and libraries to easy integrate Meilisearch in your project using your favorite language or framework!

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

Take a look at the complete [Meilisearch integration list](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks.html).

<!-- Banner incoming... -->

## ⚙️ Advanced usage

Experienced users will want to keep our [API Reference](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api) close at hand.

We also offer a wide range of dedicated guides to all Meilisearch features, such as [filtering](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html), [sorting](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/sorting.html), [geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/geosearch.html), [API keys](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/master_api_keys.html), and [tenant tokens](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/tenant_tokens.html).

Finally, for more in-depth information, refer to our articles explaining fundamental Meilisearch concepts such as [documents](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html) and [indexes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/indexes.html).

> ## 📊 Telemtry

Reviewer 7: Telemtry -> Telemetry

Author: Thanks @interlark I will update it!

Meilisearch collects **anonymized** data from users to help us improve our product. You can [deactivate this](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html#how-to-disable-data-collection) whenever you want.

> To request deletion of any already collected data, please write to us at [privacy@meilisearch.com](mailto:privacy@meilisearch.com), don't forget to include your `Instance UID`.

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

If you want to know more about the kind of data we collect and why we need it, check the [telemetry section](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html) of our documentation.

## 📫 Get in touch!

> Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

> Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

Author: I've also sent a message to Morgane N. (HR)

> Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

Author: She just told me it's ok for her 👌

> Meilisearch is developed by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a young company. To know more about us, you can read our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

Reviewer 5: Ok for me

> 🗞 [Subscribe](https://meilisearch.us2.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=27870f7b71c908a8b359599fb&id=79582d828e) to our newsletter if you don't want to miss any updates! We promise we won't clutter your mailbox, it's sent every two months

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

> 💌 Any suggestion or feedback is highly appreciated. Thank you for your support!

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

> 💌 Any suggestion or feedback is highly appreciated. Thank you for your support!

Reviewer 5: Ok!

- For feature requests, please visit our [product repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions)
- Found a bug? Open an [issue](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues)!
- Want to be part of our Slack community? [Join us](https://slack.meilisearch.com/)!

> - For anything else, please check [this page](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/contact.html)

Author: @CaroFG I've merged this change, but feel free to suggest any new changes.

> - For anything else, please check [this page](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/contact.html)

Reviewer 5: Ok!

  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-dark">
</p>

<!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

## ✨ Features

- **Search-as-you-type:** relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds
- **[Typo tolerance](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#typo-tolerance):** Meilisearch adapts to typos and misspellings so your search results are always relevant
- **[Filtering and faceted search](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html#configuring-filters):** enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code
- **[Sorting](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/sorting.html):** sort results based on price, date, or pretty much anything else your users need
- **[Synonym support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#synonyms):** configure synonyms to include more relevant content in your search results
- **[Geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/geosearch.html):** filter and sort documents based on geographic data

> - **[Extensive language support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/language.html):** Meilisearch works with all languages and offers optimized support for languages using the Latin alphabet, Chinese, Japanese, and Hebrew

Reviewer 6: That's an interesting point. I do not read "optimized support" as necessarily referring to performance improvements and as "these languages will work well because we're specifically targeting them," but this might be my own bias.

If we change it here, we should also change it in the docs, as [we speak about "optimized support" straight away](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/language.html), in our first sentence 😅 

Curious to hear other people's thought on this.

> - **[Extensive language support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/language.html):** Meilisearch works with all languages and offers optimized support for languages using the Latin alphabet, Chinese, Japanese, and Hebrew

Author: Same I don't think about performance when I read "optimized", but not the best in English here

- **[Security management](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/master_api_keys.html):** control which users can access what data with API keys that allow fine-grained permissions handling
- **[Multi-Tenancy](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/tenant_tokens.html):** personalize search results for any number of application tenants
- **Highly Customizable:** Meilisearch's default presets work out-of-the-box but are customizable to your specific needs
- **[RESTful API](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/overview.html):** seamlessly integrate Meilisearch in your technical stack with our plugins and SDKs

> - **Easy to install, deploy, and maintain**

Reviewer 3: I feel that these catch-phrases are not consistent with each other:
- sometimes we start with `Meilisearch + VERB + ...`
> Meilisearch adapts to typos and misspellings so your search results are always relevant
- sometimes we start with `ADJ + NOUN + ...`
> relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds
- most of the time we start with `VERB + (your) + ...`
> enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code

I'm probably a bit picky, don't hesitate to ignore this comment.

Reviewer 6: thanks, you're absolutely right. I was trying to keep them consistent, but got sidetracked by other concerns. I will fix it ASAP

Author: Thank you gui!

Reviewer 6: There, all item descriptions should start with verbs now. I also cheated and moved "Typo tolerance" a couple of items so we didn't two very similar sentences too close to each other. Let me know if that's a problem.

```suggestion
- **Search-as-you-type:** find relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds
- **[Filtering and faceted search](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html#configuring-filters):** enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code
- **[Sorting](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/sorting.html):** sort results based on price, date, or pretty much anything else your users need
- **[Typo tolerance](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#typo-tolerance):** get relevant results even when queries contain typos and misspellings
- **[Synonym support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#synonyms):** configure synonyms to include more relevant content in your search results
- **[Geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/geosearch.html):** filter and sort documents based on geographic data
- **[Extensive language support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/language.html):** search datasets in any language, with optimized support for Chinese, Japanese, Hebrew, and languages using the Latin alphabet
- **[Security management](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/master_api_keys.html):** control which users can access what data with API keys that allow fine-grained permissions handling
- **[Multi-Tenancy](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/tenant_tokens.html):** personalize search results for any number of application tenants
- **Highly Customizable:** customize Meilisearch to your specific needs or use our out-of-the-box and hassle-free presets
- **[RESTful API](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/overview.html):** integrate Meilisearch in your technical stack with our plugins and SDKs
- **Easy to install, deploy, and maintain**
```

Author: I'm pretty sure Guillaume already sorted them by "most famous" order. I don't mean your new order is not better or anything, but I don't feel really comfortable changing this order without his confirmation

So waiting for @gmourier before doing anything here 😇 
Thanks a lot @guimachiavelli for your suggestion. Depending on Guillaume's decision, I will apply the changes myself according to what you already wrote, so no worries for you!

Reviewer 4: Can we put the "Typo tolerance" bullet point below "Search-as-you-type"? It seems important to me to mention it just after the notion of search-as-you-type.

Everything else is fine by me! 🍍

</p>

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://blog.meilisearch.com">Blog</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq/">FAQ</a> |
  <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a>
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/workflows/Cargo%20test/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch"><img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/meilisearch/status.svg" alt="Dependency status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://app.bors.tech/repositories/26457"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">⚡ A lightning-fast search engine that fits effortlessly into your apps, websites, and workflow 🔍</p>

> Meilisearch helps you shape a delightful search experience in a snap, offering features that work out-of-the-box to speed up your workflow.

Reviewer 5: This is just me being picky, but could we try to use another word instead of "great"? I feel it's so used it doesn't mean anything anymore... Some suggestions: unique, top-notch, quality, remarkable...

> Meilisearch helps you shape a delightful search experience in a snap, offering features that work out-of-the-box to speed up your workflow.

Reviewer 6: I picked "great" mostly because I needed and adjective, but didn't want to be super specific. 

Edited my initial suggestion to use "top-notch".

> Meilisearch helps you shape a delightful search experience in a snap, offering features that work out-of-the-box to speed up your workflow.

Reviewer 4: I've simply reused the catchphrase used on meilisearch.com as consistency "Shape a delightful search experience in a snap"

> Meilisearch helps you shape a delightful search experience in a snap, offering features that work out-of-the-box to speed up your workflow.

Reviewer 6: That's a good point. Repeating that sentence could help reinforce Meilisearch's brand.

I stand by my original comments (not a fan of both "shape" and "delightful" in this context), but marketing is definitely not my top skill. I'm fine with skipping this change if we want to keep messaging consistent.

> Meilisearch helps you shape a delightful search experience in a snap, offering features that work out-of-the-box to speed up your workflow.

Author: I let the same "brand" phrase as the landing for now, something I will ensure we are ok with later with Ferdi & Quentin 😉

<p align="center" name="demo">
  <img src="assets/demo-light.gif#gh-light-mode-only" alt="demo-light">
  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-dark">
</p>

<!-- Go to [this demo]() to try Meilisearch! -->

## ✨ Features

- **Search-as-you-type:** find relevant search results in less than 50 milliseconds

> - **[Typo tolerance](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#typo-tolerance):** get relevant results even when queries contain typos and misspellings

Reviewer 5: How about "matches"? Maybe for the first line and keep results for the second?

> - **[Typo tolerance](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.html#typo-tolerance):** get relevant results even when queries contain typos and misspellings

Reviewer 6: Good idea, thanks ☺️ 

Edited original suggested change.

> - **[Filtering and faceted search](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html#configuring-filters):** enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- **[Filtering and faceted search](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html):** enhance your user's search experience with custom filters and build a faceted search interface in a few lines of code
```
I think it makes more sense to link to the page about filters and facets instead of linking to the "configuring filters" subsection. It's also more consistent with the rest of the links

![integrations](assets/integrations.png)

## ⚙️ Advanced usage

Experienced users will want to keep our [API Reference](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api) close at hand.

We also offer a wide range of dedicated guides to all Meilisearch features, such as [filtering](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/filtering_and_faceted_search.html), [sorting](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/sorting.html), [geosearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/geosearch.html), [API keys](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/master_api_keys.html), and [tenant tokens](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/tenant_tokens.html).

Finally, for more in-depth information, refer to our articles explaining fundamental Meilisearch concepts such as [documents](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html) and [indexes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/indexes.html).

## 📊 Telemetry

Meilisearch collects **anonymized** data from users to help us improve our product. You can [deactivate this](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html#how-to-disable-data-collection) whenever you want.

> To request deletion of any already collected data, please write to us at [privacy@meilisearch.com](mailto:privacy@meilisearch.com). Don't forget to include your `Instance UID` in the message, as this helps us to quickly find and delete your data.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To request deletion of data already collected, please write to us at [privacy@meilisearch.com](mailto:privacy@meilisearch.com). Don't forget to include your `Instance UID` in the message, as this helps us quickly find and delete your data.
```

> If you want to know more about the kind of data we collect and why we need it, check the [telemetry section](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html) of our documentation.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about the kind of data we collect and what we use it for, check the [telemetry section](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/what_is_meilisearch/telemetry.html) of our documentation.
```

## 📫 Get in touch!

> Meilisearch is a search engine created by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a software development company based in France and with team members all over the world. Want to know more about us? Check out our [blog](https://blog.meilisearch.com/).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Meilisearch is a search engine created by [Meili](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/meilisearch), a software development company based in France and with team members all over the world. Want to know more about us? [Check out our blog!](https://blog.meilisearch.com/)
```

🗞 [Subscribe to our newsletter](https://meilisearch.us2.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=27870f7b71c908a8b359599fb&id=79582d828e) if you don't want to miss any updates! We promise we won't clutter your mailbox: we only send one edition every two months.

> 💌 Want to make a suggestion or give us feedback? Here are some of the channels where you can reach us:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
💌 Want to make a suggestion or give feedback? Here are some of the channels where you can reach us:
```

- For feature requests, please visit our [product repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions)
- Found a bug? Open an [issue](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues)!

> - Want to be part of our Slack community? [Join us](https://slack.meilisearch.com/)!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- Want to be part of our Slack community? [Join us!](https://slack.meilisearch.com/)
```

  <img src="assets/demo-dark.gif#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="demo-dark">
</p>

> [Try it!](https://where2watch.meilisearch.com/)

Reviewer: 🎉
